Here is my approach to this product manager job interview question. 

Describe Google Maps - Google Maps allows user to go from Point A to Point B efficiently and provides several commute options such as driving, walking, public transport, and even like to ride sharing apps such as Uber and Lyft. User also uses Google Maps to search nearby places such as restaurants, gas stations, events, and things to do. 
Ask Clarifying Questions from the Interviewer - 
Is the goal to improve the entire platform or a specific feature?
Is the improvement channel specific - Web or Mobile?
What's the objective of improvement? - engagement, increase in revenue, acquisition. etc.
Once interviewer provides clarification to above question, I would start by first laying out the approach I am going to take to (a) start by understanding who are users (personas) of Google Maps are, (b) Pick one persona and what their goals or motivations are when using Google Maps. (c) Then I will identify pain points (user needs) and suggest new features/ solutions to increase customer satisfaction leading to better customer engagement (d) next, I will prioritize new features based on cost vs benefit, (e) Lastly I will summarize the overall analysis
Users of Google Maps
Private vehicle owners
Bikers
Commuters using public transport
Walkers
Tourists
People using ride sharing app like Uber, Lyft etc.
I am going to pick commuters using public transport such as train, bus, subways to go from point A to point B. Commuters hate when there is interruption is services that could be because of trains running late, major breakdown, change in train timing and route. People don't like waiting even if the train or bus is late by couple of minutes. Also not all train and bus stations are same when it comes to amenities such as access to elevators, public bathrooms, and information booth. Commuters such as old age people, family traveling with infants, and physically challenged people need these information in advance to plan their trip efficiently.
Considering the above pain points that I just mentioned, here are few feature/ use cases that Google Maps can offer to delight the commuters
Personalized real-time notification to commuter when there is interruption in the service (this is especially useful to people commuting daily say from home to office and back). Google knows some very vital information about the commuter like at what time they start from home, from which station they take train, what time they head back home. These information can be used to send real-time train/bus service alert to commuter, so that they can prepare in advance, say may look for alternate route of mode of transportation. 
Book uber/ lyft for commuter, to the nearest alternate train/bus station, so that they can reach their destination on-time.
Train/ bus station information catalog showing all amenities and contact information. The catalog should get updated on regular interval,. So that commuter is aware of the change say elevator at station X is going through periodic maintenance
Collaboration platform that will categorize station based on people input on incidents such as number of theft, people fallen on track, people got stuck in between train and platform, or even broken machine. This will make people self-aware and will tell them to ride safe.        
Now, I will prioritize the solutions across the user goal and complexity of development. The user's goals is to reach from point A to point B efficiently with most up to date information. 
